Brandon Bryan. He's Harlem Capital's
managing partner.
>> I don't know if we pointed out that fund
won $40 million, but now your firm is
managing what? 174 million in assets.
your boy. What's up, man?
>> How are you?
>> How are we?
>> Good.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah, good to see you. How are you?
>> So, what are we doing tonight?
>> Tonight, we're on our way to one of our
dinner series that Harlem Capital host.
It's a series called the Winners Circle
where we get a group of really elite
founders together all in one room. We do
it Jeffersonian style, so it's one
conversation and we really focus on off
the record type of topics. So, talking
about most likely AI tonight, talking
about fundraising, talking about hiring
folks, all types of different things I
assume that we'll be discussing tonight.
And actually, from the last video, the
individual who raised at a $2 billion
valuation, and I lost out on that deal,
he'll be here tonight. So, maybe we'll
be able to chat with him and chat and
and talk a little bit about his latest
fund raise. And then we're hosting this
with one of our founders actually. So
Dion Nicholas who founded a company
called Forethought. He has raised over
100 million for that and he's going to
be hosting and being the person who's
kind of leading conversations tonight.
So it should be super fun.
>> How important are more informal meetings
like dinners compared to more formal
meetings in the office? I think formal
meetings in the office seem very
corporate, but when you do meetings
outside of the office, whether it be
like there's some people I only do
meetings in their 7 a.m. workouts, this
person, the easiest way to talk to this
person is at a 7 a.m. workout. Some
folks like to go to concerts, some folks
like to go to basketball games, some
folks like to do other things. Some
people like to do ax throwing, running,
hiking. We just meet people where they
are. We build relationship where they
are. Some of the things we also do is
like if a founder really loves to do
something, we'll do something with them
and then have them invite all of their
friends. So, for example, Dion, who
we're hosting with tonight, really loves
karaoke. So, we already have a big plan
to host a karaoke night with him and all
of his friends. And you got to remember
like a players always hang around other
A players. And so if we're able to like
build that genuine uh community,
network, connection, and trust through,
you know, friend of friends, like that
could be really valuable for us in the
future,
>> right? What's like the craziest business
meeting you've had, you think? Like
craziest like location?
>> Craziest location.
>> The craziest opportunity for us when
like a LP invested in our company was
someone reached out to us on LinkedIn,
did an interview with us. This was like
pre fundraising, even our first fund.
And then that person knew a billionaire,
connected us with that billionaire. We
pitched a billionaire, they invest, and
then that billionaire was connected to
one of the top private equity shops. And
that led to that private equity shop
investing. And then because that private
equity shop invested, a competitor in
that space anchored our fund.
>> Wow.
So literally because of this individual
wanted to reach out to us on LinkedIn,
those multiple degrees of separation
started to compress. And I think that's
the whole point of hosting the dinners.
That's the point of going to the 7 a.m.
workouts with founders or anyone else.
You never know who that person might
know, who they may connect you to, or
lastly, what they're seeing behind your
back. Like what kind of trust have you
built with them so that they can
describe you in the right way to make it
a no-brainer for whoever they're
connected to to want to meet you, to
want to be in a room with you, to think
highly of you. Yeah.
>> A city where dreams are made of
a city of life.
All right. So, we are here at the dinner
at Scarpetta. Jared and Gabby on my
team. They are running through the
logistics
because you don't put one of these
dinners together with just wishes and
ideas. You got to strategically place
people in the right places. You got to
make sure that the people who are
sponsoring the dinner feel like they are
getting their ROI. And then we also have
Elliot who has kind of shot photography
and video for us for like the last five
years. He's actually like shot Jared's
Jared and of my business partners like
wedding photos for them. Yeah. So he's
part of the family.
>> What do you think about when you put
people together? When you think about
putting people together at these, if you
have sponsors who have ROI, like let's
say you had a bank, you want to put the
bank next to a new founder who like
potentially hasn't started a company
yet, that could be a good customer. So,
you want to connect like minds that you
think will instantly hit it off and have
a good time with each other. The name of
the game is to find any similarities
[music] or symmetry. You start to
connect those because typically if
there's one dot to connect there's like
many dots to connect.
>> Yeah.
>> So far great.
>> It's been
>> you doing all right?
>> I'm Dude, he signed.
>> Oh [__]
>> Signed. Yeah.
>> Let's go. Between me texting you
>> literally in the last like 2 hours.
>> All right. So Dion, who's who we're
hosting a dinner with tonight, he is
trying to hire a hot shot engineer. I
happen to know that engineer. So I've
been texting back and forth with the
engineer. And so I see Dion come in and
I asked him, "Are we joining the team on
text and then Dion says, "Hey, he is now
at the company. Big win. Big win when
you get hot shot engineers to sign with
your portfolio companies because one
engineer can like change the business."
So even though we didn't even start the
dinner yet. Very good news.
>> Yeah. But it was like an 8-year sales
cycle.
>> My god. Hold on.
Claire is one of our first investments
ever.
>> She also has this Ohio State connection
which I love. And she just closed the
biggest deal in her company's history.
>> And she just told me it was a 8year
sales cycle.
>> And you were saying that you met this
guy 8 years ago.
>> When I was 20 years old.
>> When you're 20 years old and you told
him you're going to be the head of
business development or something.
>> B2B period care.
>> B2B period care. Women hygiene. Yeah.
>> And eight years later, you sent him 42
updates.
>> Yeah.
>> Over eight years.
>> And then in 2024, he said, "Do you want
to talk about owning our women hygiene
products?"
>> And it took you 12 months to close uh
>> multi- [__] figures.
>> Nine figures.
>> Nine figure dealing%.
Yo,
>> crazy.
>> Congrats. Congrats. That's a big deal.
>> That's a big deal.
>> Nine figures. I can count that high.
That's high.
>> Big fishing. [music] Take a group of
y'all to catch me. I draw quicker when
it start getting sketchy. A bunch of
them think they hard just edgy. I put
>> probably going to be more marketing
like. But anyway, the question I'm
posing with that pream like speed and
people getting back to us. And so if
we're looking at a founder looking for a
hire, you email their last boss, they
get back within a day or a couple hours.
Probably a good signal. They're slow,
not as good of a signal. So,
>> I want to add a point to this. This I
think references have become so much
more important during the AI era
specifically [laughter]
specifically because like people can say
anything and like make up anything. And
so, we have like probably doubled or
tripled down on our references. And I
have actually I I agree with JT with
with Jared, but I I like asked three
questions now. Like I so I made my
references like super simple. Number
one, is this person exceptional?
Number two, would you work for them?
Number three, are you investing your
personal capital?
>> The answer to those three things, I
don't really need to ask more.
[laughter]
>> The the more might be like, I want a
little bit more of the the matrix. If
you say you said it was a matrix,
>> mosaic, I want more of the mosaic of an
individual. But those three things
should really tell me, especially if
they were a previous investor in your
company, they used to work at your
company, or they were your boss before,
like those three questions should really
help me understand like what type of
founder you are.
>> Kind of just like, oh, these are all the
things I'm good at. These are all things
I'm not good at. Let me not be.
>> The dinner went extremely well. We had
20 plus founders come together for an
off thereord conversation. We also got a
few people who are going to be on our
podcast in studio. And the interesting
thing about this is like the more events
that you host, the more contact you can
have, the more opportunity for people to
be inserted into all the things you do,
all the programming that you do.
>> What was your biggest takeaway from
tonight?
>> My biggest takeaway from tonight is that
relationships matter the most. We had an
opportunity to invite a few of our
network, but Dion, who we partnered
with, invited a lot of his peer network.
And many of those people came just
because of him. And so realizing the
gravitational pull of the second or
third degrees of separation in your
network is really important. And then
following up on those people, inviting
them out to things, including them in
your programming. During this dinner, we
cold call people. So, we make sure that
every single person at the dinner speaks
and we make sure we have a list of
questions just in case we run out of
things to ask. We have a list of
questions to ask every single person.
And I think when you do that and you
have a genuine focus on making people
feel included, they turn around and and
want to do things to like support you
and to be helpful with you. And so,
tonight I think was just like another
one of those times where I realized like
like building community is exciting. In
a sport like venture capital where
community is really important, like you
can actually start to find big
opportunities of success when you build
community the right way, when you're
intentional about it.
>> I think I think I think I'm almost, man,
I'm I'm pumped. What do you think about
it? Did you think it was good?
>> Yeah. Right.